WHY IS SELECTIVITY DIFFERENT?

Trawl selectivity is forcing max to 1.
Fixed this by commenting some code out. 
Will need to make an option for selectivity that requires that.

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Perhaps the retained and total selectivity are reversed from jack's code to gmacs?

Total selectivity is the same-ish.
Retained is not.
Trawl is not.


Jacks code:
 all mortality occurs for the year
 then growth occurs
 then maturity is evaluated based on those 
 
Why woudl this ake a difference for males and not females?
 Females are subject to very little F?
 Timing of male growth can impact how many are available to the fishery?
 This would explain why a bunch are in GMACS, but not in 


rec_sdd (size at recruitment) is close, but not exact (to 3 decimal places) and I do not know why.

Is the bloop for males because of when growth occurs relative to the fishery?
Or because of when the n matrices are output?
or is it a selectivity problem?


Big changes--standarad logistic selectivity was logistic95 in most recent version of code

Index is mature first! important for natural mortality

Add in for comparison:
 immature/mature natural mortality

 change to 4darray
 estimate multiplier for immature
 add estimated parameter
 change ctl file in the 
 modify calc_natural_mortality

GOTTA FIX CATCH PREDICTIONS
Fix M and Z in project one year ahead and stock recruit and OFL and brute equil
 currently they have the maturity index hard coded to 1 for testing

Calc predicted catch (+ _out) too--search for "Z(" to find instance and make sure they are not hard coded




Add in for fitting:
 different survey q by sex

Set a .PIN file based on not_gmacs
Run one function call
Compare the N matrices

Check timing of different processes between models

fix calc size comps function so they can be split out by maturity/shell

tALK TO PEOPLE ABOUT FEMALE DISCARDS--selectivity is so much different and hard to figure out 'total' selectivity and 'female' selectivity
 I don't understand the mechanism here.
 it seems like this suggests that selectivity means 'availability' here...and there is targeting

Check to see the timing of molting maturity between the two models:
 is the probability of maturity from 2016sc based on the postmolt or premolt?

shell_force: does not have terminal molt, uses shell condition to get in mature/immmature
comp_n: trying to match output in not_gmacs_2, uses code from term_molt
not_gmacs_2: current assessment code, but using simplified assumptions (single recdevs, etc.)
term_molt: introduces terminal molt to GMACS



Errors to build in:
 nmature and nshell cannot both be 2

processes:
 recruitment (sex ratio equal, calculate initial recruitment from estimated initial N)
 recruit at size (output the proportions per bin, estimate parameters based on gmacs code)
 selectivity (get parameters in the same space)
 growth (input growth increments; might have to calculate the 
 fishing mortality (where do I input this?)
 molting probability (input)
 natural mortality 


Start thinking about steps to get assessment running:
  managment output
  how to incorporate growth (skip to linear after you show GMACS can reproduce dynamics)
  how to incorporate BSFRF data
  how to incorporate maturity data



